docs: amend code related to string-expressions for property binding (#43366)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/template-typecheck.md

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>strictAttributeTypes</code></td>

>       <td>Whether to check <code>@Input()</code> bindings that are made using text attributes (for example, <code>&lt;mat-tab label="Step 1"&gt;</code> vs <code>&lt;mat-tab label="Step 1"&gt;</code>).</td>

Reviewer: This makes the two examples identical. (I.e. it now says "this vs that", where "this" and "that" are identical :grin:)

I believe the use of a property binding was intentional here, although the chosen example was not great, because both cases work the same (setting the input to a string).

I think a better example might be:

```suggestion
      <td>Whether to check <code>@Input()</code> bindings that are made using text attributes. For example, <code>&lt;input matInput disabled="true"&gt;</code> (setting the `disabled` property to the string `'true'`) vs <code>&lt;input matInput [disabled]="true"&gt;</code> (setting the `disabled` property to the boolean `true`.</td>
```

##
(Something similar is also used as a example in `strictAttributeTypes` JSDoc comment: https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/9e039ca68bfae5328f3fc1f16fabd7673c466a25/packages/compiler-cli/src/ngtsc/core/api/src/public_options.ts#L176-L188

Author: :man_facepalming: I am so sorry I just forgot to check the surrounding context in this one! :sob: :sob: :sob: 

You're totally right it doesn't make any sense! :sweat:

Author: Amended in this [commit](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/43366/commits/28ff32de4f7e37e77747d63bf3d91322f1de7369)

I took your solution but converted the parts with the backticks to use `code` tags instead I hope it's fine :slightly_smiling_face: 

This is the solution:
![Screenshot at 2021-09-09 21-10-11](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61631103/132755807-186f660d-2078-486e-96b8-69033ba0feeb.png)

This has the same effect as the binding:

```html

> <submit-button disabled=""></submit-button>

Author: Again... I hope this doesn't make the example less clear...
